=head1 Release instructions for ExtUtils::CBuilder

=head2 Prerequisites

ExtUtils::CBuilder is now managed using Dist::Zilla.  You should install
Dist::Zilla from CPAN and then run C<dzil authordeps> to get a list of
plugins to install.  If you have F<cpanm> you can install any that you
need with:

  $ dzil authordeps | cpanm

=head2 Updating from bleadperl

From the bleadperl repo, generate patch emails in the EU::CB repo directory.
Look in the F<devtools/last-commit> file for a commit ID to sync from.  E.g.
assuming EU::CB repo directory is F<~/git/extutils-cbuilder>:

  $ git format-patch -o ~/git/extutils-cbuilder cbf59d5a \
    -- dist/ExtUtils-CBuilder

Change to the EU::CB repo and apply the patch emails:

  $ cd ~/git/extutils-cbuilder
  $ git am -p 3 -s 000*

Confirm that you are in sync with blead using the F<bleadcheck.pl> tool.
Assuming your bleadperl repository is F<~/git/perl>, run this command from the
top level of the EU::CB repo:

  $ perl devtools/bleadcheck.pl ~/git/perl

If everything is in sync, there will be no output except for the commit ID
of the perl repo HEAD.  Record that in F<devtools/last-commit>:

  $ perl devtools/bleadcheck.pl ~/git/perl > devtools/last-commit

Update the Changes file for any commits that were made.  Then delete
the 000* patch files.

=head2 Testing

You can run tests with C<dzil test> and release tests with C<dzil xtest>.

  $ dzil test
  $ dzil xtest

If tests fail, you *must* submit changes upstream in the bleadperl repository
and then resynchronize from blead.

=head2 Packaging and shipping

Make sure the EU::CB version number has been updated since the last release.
If not, change it (for all EU::CB modules) in blead and then merge in the 
change as above.

Update the Changes file with a timestamp for release, then commit it.

  $ vim Changes
  $ git add Changes
  $ git commit -m "timestamp Changes for release"

Check what the final distribution will look like:

  $ dzil build

If everything looks good, ship it!

  $ dzil release

=head2 After shipping

If the release uploaded, tag the release in git (replace XX.YY with the
correct version, of course).

  $ git tag -m "release XX.YY" release-XX.YY

Then update the F<Porting/Maintainers.pl> file in the Perl 5 source with
the new tarball version number.

=cut

